feat: allow folder uploads (#31165)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-locator.md

* since: v1.14

Upload file or multiple files into `<input type=file>`.

> In order to upload a directory (`[webkitdirectory]`) pass the path to the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For inputs with a `[webkitdirectory]` attribute, only a single directory path is supported.
```
